2019 年 6 月英语六级真题试卷（第一套）
PartI Writing (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of team spirit and communication in the workplace. You can cite examples to illustrate yourviews.Youshouldwrite atleast150wordsbutnomore than200words.
PartⅡ ListeningComprehension (30minutes)
SectionA Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations.At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices markedA), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter onAnswer Sheet 1 with a single line through thecentre. Questions1to4arebasedontheconversationyouhavejustheard.
1.A)Asix-month-longnegotiation. C)Aprojectwithatroublesomeclient. B)Preparationsfortheparty. D)Giftwrappingforthecolleagues. 2.A)Takeweddingphotos. C)Start asmallbusiness. B)Advertisehercompany. D)Throwacelebrationparty. 3.A)Hesitant. C)Flattered. B)Nervous. D)Surprised. 4.A)Startherownbakery. C)Sharehercookingexperience. B)Improveherbakingskill. D)Prepareforthewedding.
Questions5to8arebasedontherecordingyouhavejustheard.
5.A)Theyhavetospendmoretime studying. B)Theyhavetoparticipateinclubactivities. C)Theyhavetobemoreresponsibleforwhattheydo. D)Theyhavetochooseaspecificacademicdiscipline. 6.A)Getreadyforacareer. C)Setalong-termgoal. B)Makealotoffriends. D)Behavelikeadults. 7.A)Thosewhoshareheracademic interests. B)Thosewhorespectherstudentcommitments. C)Thosewhocanhelpherwhensheisinneed. D)Thosewhogotothesameclubsasshedoes. 8.A)Thosehelpfulfortappingtheirpotential. B)Thoseconducivetoimprovingtheirsocialskills. C)Thosehelpfulforcultivatingindividualinterests. D)Thoseconducive totheiracademicstudies.
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
2
SectionB Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages.At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear aquestion, you must choose the best answer from the fourchoices markedA), B), C) and D). ThenmarkthecorrespondingletteronAnswerSheet1withasinglelinethroughthecentre.
Questions9to11arebasedonthepassageyouhavejustheard.
9.A)Theybreakawayfromtraditionalwaysofthinking. B)Theyarepreparedtoworkharderthananyoneelse. C)Theyaregoodatrefiningoldformulas. D)Theybringtheirpotentialintofullplay. 10.A)Theycontributedtothepopularityofskiingworldwide. B)Theyresultedinabrand-newstyleofskiingtechniques. C)Theypromoted thescientificuseofskiingpoles. D)Theymadeexplosivenewsinthesportsworld. 11.A)Hewasrecognizedasageniusintheworldofsports. B)Hecompetedinallmajorskiingeventsinthe world. C)HewonthreegoldmedalsinoneWinterOlympics. D)Hebrokethreeworldskiingrecordsinthreeyears.
Questions12to15arebasedonthepassageyouhavejustheard.
12.A)Theyappearrestless. C)Theybecomeupset. B)Theyloseconsciousness. D)Theydiealmostinstantly. 13.A)Ithasaninstanteffectonyourbodychemistry. B)Itkeepsreturningtoyouevery nowandthen. C)Itleavesyouwith alonglastingimpression. D)Itcontributestotheshapingofyoumind. 14.A)Tosucceedwhile feelingirritated. B)Tofeelhappywithoutgoodhealth. C)Tobefreefromfrustrationandfailure. D)Toenjoygoodhealthwhile indarkmoods. 15.A)Theyarecloselyconnected. B)Theyfunctioninasimilarway. C)Theyaretoocomplextounderstand. D)Theyreinforceeachotherconstantly.
SectionC Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the correspondingletteronAnswerSheet1withasinglelinethroughthecentre.
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
3
Questions16to18arebasedontherecordingyouhavejustheard. 16.A)Theydifferintheirappreciationofmusic. B)Theyfocustheirattentionondifferentthings. C)Theyfingerthepianokeys indifferentways. D)Theychoosedifferentpiecesofmusictoplay. 17.A)Theymanage tocooperatewellwiththeirteammates. B)Theyuseeffectivetacticstodefeattheircompetitors. C)Theytry hardtomeetthespectators’expectations. D)Theyattachgreatimportancetohigh performance. 18.A)Itmarksabreakthroughinbehavioralscience. B)Itadoptsaconventionalapproachtoresearch. C)Itsupportsapieceofconventionalwisdom. D)Itgivesrisetocontroversyamongexperts.
Questions19to21arebasedontherecordingyouhavejustheard.
19.A)People’senvyofslimmodels. C)Theincreasingrange offancyproducts. B)People’scrazeforgoodhealth. D)Thegreatvarietyofslimmingproducts. 20.A)Theyappearvigorous. C)Theylookcharming. B)Theyappearstrange. D)Theylookunhealthy. 21.A)Cultureandupbringing. C)Peerpressure. B)Wealthandsocialstatus. D)Media influence.
Questions22to25arebasedontherecordingyouhavejustheard.
22.A)Therelationbetweenhairandskin. C)The colorofhumanskin. B)Thegrowinginterestinskinstudies. D)Theneedofskinprotection. 23.A)Thenecessitytosave energy. C)The needtobreathewith ease. B)Adaptationtothehotenvironment. D)Dramaticclimatechangesonearth. 24.A)Leavesandgrass. C)Theirskincoloring. B)Man-madeshelter. D)Hairontheirskin. 25.A)Theirgeneticmakeup begantochange. B)Theircommunitiesbegantogrowsteadily. C)Theirchildrenbegantomixwith eachother. D)Theirpaceofevolutionbegantoquicken.
PartⅢ ReadingComprehension (40minutes)
SectionA Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks.You are required to select one word foreachblankfrom alist of choicesgiven in aword bankfollowing the passage.Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item onAnswer Sheet 2 with a single line through thecentre.Youmaynotuseanyofthewordsinthebankmorethanonce.
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
4
Questions26to35arebasedonthefollowingpassage.
Pasta is no longer offthe menu, after a newreview of studies suggested that the carbohydrate can form part of a healthy diet, and even help people lose weight. For years, nutritionists have recommended that pasta be kept to a 26 , to cut calories, prevent fat build-up and stop blood sugar 27 up. The low-carbohydrate food movement gave birth to such diets as theAtkins, Paleo and Keto, which advised swapping foods like bread, pasta and potatoes for vegetables, fish and meat. More recentlythetrendofswappingspaghettiforvegetableshasbeen 28 byclean-eatingexperts. But now a 29 review and analysis of 30 studies by Canadian researchersfound that not onlydoespasta notcause weightgain, butthree meals a weekcan helppeopledrop more than half a kilogram over four months. The reviewers found that pasta had been unfairly demonized (妖魔 化)becauseithadbeen 30 inwithother,moreft-promotingcarbohydrates. “The study found that pasta didn’t 31 to weight gain or increase in body fat,” said lead authorDr JohnSievenpiper.“In 32 the evidence,we can nowsay with some confidence that pasta does not have an 33 effect on body weigh outcomes when it is consumed as part of a healthydietary pattern.”In fact,analysis actually showedasmall weigh loss 34 to concerns. perhapspastacanbepartofahealthydiet Those involved in the 35 trials on average ate 3.3 servings of pasta a week instead of other carbohydrates, one serving equaling around half a cup. They lost around half a kilogram overanaveragefollow-upof12weeks.
A)adverse I)minimum B)championed J)radiating C)clinical K)ration D)contrary L)shooting E)contribute M)subscribe F)intimate N)systematic G)lumped O)weighing H)magnified
SectionB Directions:In this section,you are going to reada passage with tenstatements attachedto it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet2.
TheBestRetailersCombineBricksandClicks [A] Retail profits are falling sharply. Stores are closing. Malls are emptying. The depressing stories just keep coming. Reading the earnings announcements of large retail stores like Macy’s, Nordstrom, and Target is about as uplifting as a tour of an intensive care unit. The interact is apparently taking down yet another industry. Brick and mortar stores (实体店) seem to be going
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
5
the way of the yellow pages. Sure enough, the Census Bureau just released data showing that online retail sales surged 15.2 percent between the first quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. [B] But before you dump all of your retail stocks, there are more facts you should consider. Looking only at that 15.2 percent "surge" would be misleading. It was an increase that was on a small base of 6.9 percent. Even when a tiny number grows by a large percentage terms, it is often stilltiny. [C] More than 20 years after the internet was opened to commerce, the Census Bureau tells us that brick and mortar sales accounted for 92.3 percent of retail sales in the first quarter of 2016. Their data show that only 0.8 percent of retail sales shifted from offline to online between the beginningof2015and2016. [D] So, despite all the talk about drone (无人机) deliveries to your doorstep, all the retail executives expressing anxiety over consumers going online, and even a Presidential candidate exclaiming that Amazon has a "huge antitrust problem," the Census data suggest that physical retail is thriving. Of course, the closed stores, depressed executives, and sinking stocks suggest otherwise.What'stherealstory? [E] Many firms operating brick and mortar stores are in trouble.The retail industry is getting reinvented, as we describe in our new book Matchmakers. It's standing in the Path of what Schumpeter called a gale (大风) of creative destruction. That storm has been brewing for some time,andasithasreachedgale force,mostlarge retailers aresearching foraresponse.Asthe CFO ofMacy’sputitrecently,“We’refrankly scratchingourheads.” [F] But it’s not happening as experts predicted. In the peak of the dot. com bubble, brick and mortar retail was one of those industries the internet was going to kill-and quickly. The dot.com bust discredited most predictions of that sort and in the years that followed, conventional retailers’ confidence in the future increased as Census continued to report weak online sales.And then the galehit. [G] It is becoming increasingly clear that retail reinvention isn’t a simple battle to the death between bricks and clicks. It is about devising retail models that work for people who are making increasinguse ofa growing array ofinternet-connectedtools tochange howtheysearch,shop,and buy. Creative retailers are using the new technologies to innovate just about everything stores do frommanaginginventory,tomarketing,togettingpaid. [H] More than drones dropping a new supply of underwear on your doorstep, Apple’s massively successful brick-and-mortar-and-glass retail stores and Amazon’s small steps in the same direction are what should keep old-fashioned retailers awake at night. Not to mention the large number of creative new retailers, like Bonobos, that are blending online and offline experiencesincreativeways. [I] Retail reinvention is not a simple process, and it’s also not happening on what used to be called "Internet Time." Some internet-driven changes have happened quickly, of course. Craigslist quickly overtook newspaper classified ads and turned newspaper economics upside down. But many widely anticipated changes weren’t quick, and some haven’t really started. With the benefit of hindsight (后见之明), it looks like the interact will transform the economy at something like the pace of other great inventions like electricity. B2B commerce, for example, didn’t move mainly online by 2005 as many had predicted in 2000, nor even by 2016, but that doesn’t mean it won’tdosooverthenextfewdecades.
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
6
[J] But the gale is still blowing. The sudden decline in foot traffic in recent years, even though it hasn’t been accompanied by a massive decline in physical sales, is a critical warning. People can shop more efficiently online and therefore don’t need to go to as many stores to find what they want. There’s a surplus of physical shopping space for the crowds, which is one reason whystoresaredownsizingandclosing. [K]The rise of the mobile phone has recently added a new level of complexity to the process of retail reinvention. Even five years ago most people faced a choice. Sit at your computer, probably at home or at the office, search and browse, and buy. Or head out to the mall, or Main Street, look and shop, and buy. Now, just about everyone has a smartphone, connected to the internetalmosteverywhere almost allthe time. Even when aretailergets acustomer to walk in the store,shecaneasilyseeifthere’sabetterdealonlineoratanotherstorenearby. [L] So far, the main thing many large retailers have done in response to all this is to open online stores, so people will come to them directly rather than to Amazon and its smaller online rivals．Many are having the same problem that newspapers have. Even if they get online traffic, theystruggle tomakeenough moneyonlinetocompensateforwhattheyarelosingoffline. [M]Afew seem to be making this work．Among large traditional retailers, Walmart recently reported the best results, leading its stock price to surge, while Macy’s, Target, and Nordstrom’s dropped.YetWalmart’syear-over-year onlinesalesonly grew7 percent,leading itsCEO to lament (哀叹), “Growth here is too slow．”Part of the problem is that almost two decades afterAmazon filed the one． click patent, the online retail shopping and buying experience is filled with frictions．Arecentstudygraded more than600 internetretailersonhoweasy itwasforconsumers to shop, buy,and pay．Almost half of the sites didn’t get a passing grade and only 18 percent got anAorB. [N] The turmoil on the ground in physical retail is hard to square with the Census data．Unfortunately,partoftheexplanation isthatthe Censusretaildataare unreliable．Ourdeep 100k into those data and their preparation revealed serious problems．It seems likely that Census simply misclassifies a large chunk of online sales．It is certain that the Census procedures, which lump theonline salesof major traditionalretailers likeWalmart with “non-store retailers"1ike food trucks．can mask major changes in individual retail categories．The bureau could easily present theirdatainmoreusefulways．buttheyhavechosennotto. [O] Despite the turmoil, brick and mortar won’t disappear any time soon．The big questions are which, if any, of the large traditional retailers will still be on the scene in a decade or two because they have successfully reinvented themselves, which new players will operate busy stores on Main Streets and maybe even in shopping malls, and how the shopping and buying experience will havechanged ineachretail category．Investors shouldn’twrite offbrickand mortar．Whether theyshouldbetonthetraditionalplayerswhorunthosestoresnowisanothermatter.
36. Although online retailing has existed for some twenty years, nearly half of the internet retailersstill failtoreceive satisfactoryfeedbackfromconsumers,accordingtoarecentsurvey． 37. Innovative retailers integrate internet technologies with conventional retailing to create newretailmodels． 38. Despite what the Census data suggest, the value of physical retail’s stocks has been dropping．
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
7
39. Innovative—driven changes in the retail industry didn’t take place as quickly as widely anticipated． 40. Statistics indicate that brick and mortar sales still made up the lion’s share of the retail business. 41.Companiesthat successfully combine online and offline businessmodels may prove to be abigconcernfortraditionalretailers. 42. Brick and mortar retailers’ faith in their business was strengthened when the dot com bubbleburst. 43. Despite the tremendous challenges from online retailing, traditional retailing will be here tostayforquitesome time. 44. With the rise of online commerce, physical retail stores are likely to suffer the same fate asitheyellowpages. 45. The wide use of smartphones has made it more complex for traditional retailers to reinventtheirbusiness.
SectionC Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C)and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter onAnswer Sheet 2 with a singlelinethroughthecentre.
PassageOne Questions46to50arebasedonthefollowingpassage.
Professor Stephen Hawking has warned that the creation of powerful artificial intelligence (AI) will be “either the best, or the worst thing, ever to happen to humanity”, and praised the creation of an academic institute dedicated to researching the future of intelligence as “ crucial to thefutureofourcivilisationandourspecies”. Hawkingwasspeaking atthe openingofthe Leverhulme Centre fortheFuture ofIntelligence (LCFI) at Cambridge University, a multi-disciplinary institute that will attempt to tackle some of the open-ended questions raised by the rapid pace of development in AI research. “We spend a great deal of time study in history,” Hawking said, “which, let’s face it, is mostly the history of stupidity.Soit;sawelcome changethatpeoplearestudyinginsteadthefutureofintelligence.” While the world-renowned physicist has often been cautious about AI, raising concerns that humanity could be the architect of its own destruction if it creates a super-intelligence with a will of its own, he was also quick to highlight the positives thatAI research can bring. “The potential benefits of creating intelligence are huge,” he said. “We cannot predict what we might achieve when our own minds are amplified by AI.Perhaps with the tools of this new technological revolution, we will be able to undo some of the damage done to the natural world by the last one —industrialisation. And surely we will aim to finally eradicate disease and poverty. And every aspect of our lives will be transformed. In short, success in creatingAI could be the biggest event
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
8
inthehistoryofourcivilisation.” HuwPrice,the centre’sacademic directorandthe Bertrand Russell professorofphilosophyat Cambridge University, where Hawking is also an academic, said that the centre came about partially as a result of the university’s Centre for Existential Risk. That institute examined a wider rangeofpotentialproblemsforhumanity,whiletheLCFIhasanarrowfocus. AI pioneer Margaret Boden, professor of cognitive science at the University of Sussex, praised the progress of such discussions. As recently as 2009, she said, the topic wasn’t taken seriously, even among AI researchers. “AI is hugely exciting,” she said, “but it has limitations, whichpresentgravedangersgiven uncriticaluse.” The academic community is not alone in warning aboutthe potential dangers ofAI as well as the potential benefits. A number of pioneers from the technology industry, most famously the entrepreneur Elon Musk, have also expressed their concerns about the damage that a super-intelligentAIcoulddotohumanity.
46.WhatdidStephenHawkingthinkofartificialintelligence? A)Itwouldbevitaltotheprogressofhumancivilisation. B)Itmightbeablessingoradisasterinthemaking. C)Itmightpresentchallengesaswellasopportunities. D)Itwouldbeasignificantexpansionofhumanintelligence. 47.WhatdidHawkingsayaboutthecreationoftheLCFI? A)ItwouldacceleratetheprogressofAIresearch. B)ItwouldmarkastepforwardintheAIindustry. C)Itwasextremelyimportanttothedestinyofhumankind. D)Itwasanachievementofmulti-disciplinarycollaboration. 48.WhatdidHawkingsaywasawelcome change inAIresearch? A)Theshiftofresearchfocusfromthepasttothefuture. B)Theshiftofresearchfromtheorytoimplementation. C)ThegreateremphasisonthenegativeimpactofAI. D)Theincreasingawarenessofmankind’spaststupidity. 49.WhatconcernsdidHawkingraiseaboutAI? A)Itmayexceedhumanintelligencesoonerorlater. B)Itmayultimatelyover-amplifythehumanmind. C)Super-intelligencemaycauseitsowndestruction. D)Super-intelligencemayeventually ruinmankind. 50.Whatdowelearnaboutsome entrepreneursfromthetechnologyindustry? A)Theyaremuchinfluencedbytheacademiccommunity. B)TheyaremostlikelytobenefitfromAIdevelopment. C)TheysharethesameconcernsaboutAIasacademics. D)Theybelieve theycankeepAIunderhumancontrol.
PassageTwo Questions51to55arebasedonthefollowingpassage. The market forproducts designed specifically forolder adultscould reach $30 billion by next
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
9
year, and startups (初创公司) want in on the action. What they sometimes lack is feedback from the people who they hope will use their products. So Brookdale, the country’s largest owner of retirement communities, has been inviting a few select entrepreneurs just to move in for a few days,showofftheirproductsandhearwhattheresidentshave tosay. That’s what brought Dayle Rodriguez, 28, all the way from England to the dining room of Brookdale South Bay inTorrance,California.Rodriguez is the community andmarketing manager for a company called Sentab. The startup’s product, SentabTV, enables older adults who may not be comfortable with computers to access email, video chat and social media using just their televisionsandaremotecontrol. “It’s nothing new, it’s nothing too complicated and it’s natural because lots of people have TVremotes,”saysRodriguez. But none of that is the topic of conversation in the Brookdale dining room. Instead, Rodriguez solicits residents’advice on what he should get on his cheeseburger and how he should spendtheafternoon.Playingcardswasontheagenda,aswellaslearningtoplaymahjong(麻将). Rodriguez says it’s important that residents here don’t feel like he’s selling them something. “I’ve had more feedback in a passive approach,” he says. “Playing pool, playing cards, having dinner,having lunch,” all work better “than going through a survey of questions.When they get to know me and to trust me, knowing for sure I’m not selling them something—there’ll be more honestfeedbackfromthem.” Rodriguez is just the seventh entrepreneur to move into one of Brookdale’s 1,100 senior living communities. Other new products in the program have included a kind of full-body blow dryer and specially designed clothing that allows people with disabilities to dress and undress themselves. Mary Lou Busch, 93, agreed to try the Sentab system. She tells Rodriguez that it might be goodforsomeone,butnotforher. “I have the computer and FaceTime, which I talk with my family on, ”she explains. She also hasaniPadandasmartphone.“SoIdoprettymucheverythingIneedtodo.” To be fair, if Rodriguez had wanted feedback from some more technophobic (害怕技术的) seniors, he might have ended up in the wrong Brookdale community. This one is located in the heart of Southern California’s aerospace corridor. Many residents have backgrounds in engineering,businessandacademiccircles. But Rodriguez says he's still learning something important by moving into this Brookdale community: “Peoplearemoretech-proficientthanwethought.” Andbesides,whereelsewouldhelearntoplaymahjong?
51.Whatdoesthepassage sayaboutthestartups? A)Theyneverlosetimeinupgradingproductsforseniors. B)Theywanttohaveashareoftheseniors’goodsmarket. C)Theyinviteseniorstotheircompaniestotrytheirproducts. D)Theytrytoprofitfrompromotingdigitalproductstoseniors.
52.SomeentrepreneurshavebeeninvitedtoBrookdaleto A)haveaninterviewwithpotentialcustomers B)conductasurveyofretirementcommunities
淘 宝 店 铺 ： 光 速 考 研 工 作 室
10
C)collectresidents’feedbackontheirproducts D)showseniorresidentshowtouseITproducts 53.WhatdoweknowaboutSentabTV? A)ItisaTVprogramcateringtotheinterestoftheelderly. B)ItisadigitalTVwhichenjoyspopularity amongseniors. C)ItisaTVspeciallydesignedforseniorstoviewprograms. D)ItisacommunicationsystemviaTVinsteadofacomputer. 54.WhatdoesRodriguez sayisimportantinpromotingproducts? A)Winningtrustfromprospective customers. B)Knowingthelikesanddislikesofcustomers. C)Demonstratingtheirsuperiorityonthespot. D)Respondingpromptly tocustomerfeedback. 55.WhatdowelearnabouttheseniorsintheBrookdale community? A)MostofthemareinterestedinusingtheSentab. B)Theyarequiteateasewith high-techproducts. C)Theyhavemuchincommonwith seniorselsewhere. D)Mostofthemenjoyalongerlifethanaverage people.
PartⅣ Translation (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.YoushouldwriteyouransweronAnswerSheet2.
成语（Chinese idioms）是汉语中的一种独特的表达方式，大多由四个汉字组成。它们 高度简练且形式固定，但通常能形象地表达深刻的含义。成语大多数来源于中国古代的文学 作品，通常与某些神话、传说或者历史事件有关。如果不知道某个成语的出处，就很难理解 其确切含义。因为，学习成语有助于人们更好地理解中国传统文化。成语在日常会话和文学 创作中广泛使用。恰当使用成语可以使一个人的语言更具表现力，交流更有效。
