Steel is valued for its reliability,but notwhen it gets cold.Most forms ofsteel 26 become brittle (脆的) at temperatures below about -25℃ unless they are mixed with other metals. Now, though, a novel type of steel has been developed that resists 27 at much lower temperatures, whileretainingitsstrengthandtoughness-withouttheneedforexpensive 28 . Steel's fragility at low temperatures first became a major concern during the Second World War.After German U-boats torpedoed (用鱼雷攻击) numerous British ships, a 2700-strong fleet of cheap-and-cheerful “Liberty ships” was introduced to replace the lost vessels, providing a lifelineforthe 29 British.Butthe steelshellsofhundredsoftheships 30 in theicy north Atlantic,and12brokeinhalfandsank. Brittleness remains a problem when building steel structures in cold conditions, such as oil rigs in theArctic. So scientists have 31 to find a solution by mixing it with expensive metals suchasnickel. Yuuji Kimura and colleagues in Japan tried a more physical 32 Rather than adding other metals, they developed a complex mechanical process involving repeated heating and very severe mechanicaldeformation,known astempforming. The resulting steel appears to achieve a combination of strength and toughness that is 33 tothatofmodemsteelsthatareveryrichinalloycontentand,therefore,veryexpensive. Kimura's team intends to use its tempformed steel to make ultra-high strength parts, such as bolts.Theyhopeto reduceboththenumberof 34 neededin aconstructionjob andtheirweight
2
—by replacing solid supports with 35 tubes, for example. This could reduce the amount of steelneededtomakeeverythingfromautomobilestobuildingsandbridges.
A)abruptly I)cracked B)additives J)fractures C)approach K)hollow D)ardently L)relevant E)besieged M)reshuffled F)channel N)strived G)comparable O)violent H)components
SectionB Directions:In this section,you are going to reada passage with tenstatements attachedto it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet2.
Thefutureofpersonalsatellitetechnologyishere—arewereadyforit? [A] Satellites used to be the exclusive playthings of rich governments and wealthy corporations. But increasingly, as space becomes more democratized, they are coming within reach of ordinary people. Just like drones(无人机) before them, miniature satellites are beginning tofundamentallytransformourconceptionsofwhogetstodowhatupaboveourheads. [B]As arecentreportfrom the NationalAcademy ofSciences highlights, these satellites hold tremendous potential for making satellite-based science more accessible than ever before. However, as the cost of getting your own satellite in orbit drops sharply, the risks of irresponsible use grow. The question here is no longer “Can we?” but “Should we?” What are the potential downsides of having a slice of space densely populated by equipment built by people not traditionally labeled as “professionals”? And what would the responsible and beneficial developmentand use of this technology actually look like? Some of the answersmay come froma nonprofitorganizationthathasbeenbuildingandlaunchingamateursatellitesfornearly50years. [C] Having your personal satellite launched into orbit might sound like an idea straight out of science fiction. But over the past few decades a unique class of satellites has been created that fits the bill: CubeSats. The “Cube” here simply refers to the satellite's shape. The most common CubeSatisa10cmcube,so smallthatasingle CubeSatcouldeasilybemistaken forapaperweight onyour desk.These mini-satellites canfit in alaunchvehicle's formerly “wasted space.” Multiples can be deployed in combination for more complex missions than could be achieved by one CubeSatalone. [D] Within their compact bodies these minute satellites are able to house sensors and communications receivers/transmitters that enable operators to study Earth from space, as well as space around Earth. They're primarily designed for Low Earth Orbit (LEO) - an easily accessible region of space from around 200 to 800 miles above Earth, where human-tended missions like the Hubble Space Telescope and the International Space Station (ISS) hang out. But they can attain
3
more distant orbits; NASAplans for most of its future Earth-escaping payloads (to the moon and Marsespecially)tocarryCubeSats. [E] Because they're so small and light, it costs much less to get a CubeSat into Earth's orbit than a traditional communications or GPS satellite. For instance, a research group here atArizona State University recently claimed their developmental small CubeSats could cost as little as $3,000 to put in orbit. This decrease in cost a11ows researchers, hobbyists and even elementary schoolgroupstoputsimpleinstrumentsintoLEOorevenhavingthemdeployedfromtheISS. [F] The first CubeSat was created in the early 2000s, as a way of enabling Stanford graduate students to design, build, test and operate a spacecraft with similar capabilities to the USSR's Sputnik (前苏联的人造卫星). Since then, NASA, the National Reconnaissance Office and even Boeing have all launched and operated CubeSats. There arc more than 130 currently in operation. The NASA Educational Launch of Nano Satellite program, which offers free launches for educational groups and science missions, is now open to U.S. nonprofit corporations as well. Clearly,satellitesarenotjustforrocketscientistsanymore. [G] The NationalAcademy of Sciences report emphasizes CubeSats' importance in scientific discovery and the training of future space scientists and engineers. Yet it also acknowledges that widespread deployment of LEO CubeSats isn't risk-flee. The greatest concern the authors raise is space debris - pieces of “junk” that orbit the earth, with the potential to cause serious damage if theycollidewith operationalunits,includingtheISS. [H] Currently, there aren't many CubeSats and they're tracked closely. Yet as LEO opens up to more amateur satellites, they may pose an increasing threat. As the report authors point out, even near-misses might lead to the “creation of a burdensome regulatory framework and affect the futuredisposition ofscienceCubeSats.” [I] CubeSat researchers suggest that now's the time to ponder unexpected and unintended possible consequencesofmore people than everhaving accessto their ownsmallslice ofspace.In an era when you can simply buy a CubeSat kit off the shelf, how can we trust the satellites over ourheads were developed with good intentions by people who knew what they were doing? Some “expert amateurs” in the satellite game could provide some inspiration for how to proceed responsibly. [J] In 1969, the RadioAmateur Satellite Corporation (AMSAT) was created in order to foster hamradio enthusiasts'(业余无线电爱好者)participation in space research andcommunication.It continued the efforts, begun in 1961, by Project OSCAR- a U.S.-based group that built and launched the very first nongovernmental satellite just four years after Sputnik.As an organization of volunteers, AMSAT was putting “amateur” satellites in orbit decades before the current CubeSat craze.And over time, its members have learned a thing or two about responsibility.Here, open. source development has been a central principle, Within the organization, AMSAT has a philosophy of open sourcing everything making technical data on all aspects of their satellites fully available to everyone in the organization, and when possible, the public. According to a member of the team responsible for FOX 1-A,AMSAT's first CubeSat, this means that there s no way to sneak something like explosives or an energy emitter into an amateur satellite when everyonehasaccesstothedesignsandimplementation. [K] However, they're more cautious about sharing information with nonmembers, as the organization guards against others developing the ability to hijack and take control of their satellites. This form of “self-governance” is possible within long-standing amateur organizations
4
that, over time, are able to build a sense of responsibility to community members, as well as society in general. But what happens when new players emerge, who don't have deep roots within theexistingculture? [L] Hobbyists and students are gaining access to technologies without being part of a long-standing amateur establishment. They're still constrained by funders, launch providers and a series of regulations - all of which rein in what CubeSat developers can and cannot do.But there's a danger they're ill-equipped to think through potential unintended consequences. What these unintended consequences might be is admittedly far from clear. Yet we know innovators can be remarkably creative with taking technologies in unexpected directions. Think of something as seemingly benign asthecellphone-we have microfinanceandtext-basedsocialnetworking atone endofthespectrum,andimprovised(临时制作的)explosive devicesattheother. [M]This is where aculture of social responsibility around CubeSats becomes important - not simply to ensure that physical risks are minimized, but to engage with a much larger community inanticipating andmanaginglessobviousconsequencesofthetechnology.Thisisnotaneasytask. Yet the 'evidence from AMSAT and other areas of technology development suggests that responsible amateur communities can and do emerge around novel technologies. The challenge here,ofcourse,isensuringthat whatanamateurcommunitiesconsidersto be responsible,actually is. Here's where there needs to be a much wider public conversation that extends beyond government agencies and scientific communities to include students, hobbyists, and anyone who maypotentiallystandtobeaffectedbytheuseofCubeSattechnology.
36. Given the easier accessibility to space, it is time to think about how to prevent misuse of satellites. 37.Agroupofmini-satellitescanworktogethertoaccomplish morecomplextasks. 38.Thegreateraccessibility ofmini-satellitesincreasestherisksoftheirirresponsibleuse. 39. Even school pupils can have their CubeSats put in orbit owing to the lowered launching cost. 40.AMSAT is careful about sharing information with outsiders to prevent hijacking of their satellites. 41.NASAofferstolaunchCubeSatsfreeofchargeforeducationalandresearchpurposes. 42. Even with constraints, it is possible for some creative developers to take the CubeSat technologyindirectionsthatresultinharmfuloutcomes. 43. While making significant contributions to space science, CubeSats may pose hazards to otherspacevehicles. 44.Mini-satellitesenableoperatorstostudyEarth fromLEOandspacearoundit. 45. AMSAT operates on the principle of having all its technical data accessible to its members,preventingtheabuseofamateursatellites.
SectionC Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
5
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C)and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter onAnswer Sheet 2 with a singlelinethroughthecentre.
PassageOne
Questions46to50arebasedonthefollowingpassage.
When I re-entered the full-time workforce a few years ago after a decade of solitary self-employment, there was one thing I was looking forward to the most: the opportunity to have workfriendsonceagain.Itwasn’tuntilIenteredthe corporate world thatIrealized,forme atleast, being friends with colleagues didn’t emerge as a priority at all. This is surprising when you consider the prevailing emphasis by scholars and trainers and managers on the importance of cultivating close interpersonal relationships at work. So much research has explored the way in which collegial ( 同 事 的 ) ties can help overcome a range of workplace issues affecting productivity and the quality of work output such as team-based conflict, jealousy, undermining, anger,andmore. Perhaps my expectations of lunches, water-cooler gossip and caring, deep-and-meaningful conversationswerealegacy ofthe lasttimeIwasin thatkindofofficeenvironment.Whereasnow, as I near the end of my fourth decade, I realize work can be fully functional and entirely fulfilling withoutneedingtobebestmateswiththepeoplesittingnexttoyou. In an academic analysis just published in the profoundly-respected Journal of Management, researchers have looked at the concept of “indifferent relationships”. It’s a simple term that encapsulates ( 概 括 ) the fact that relationships at work can reasonably be non-intimate, inconsequential,unimportantandeven,dareIsayit,disposableorsubstitutable. Indifferent relationships are neither positive nor negative. The limited research conducted thus far indicates they’re especially dominant among those who value independence over cooperation, and harmony over confrontation. Indifference is also the preferred option among those who are socially lazy.Maintaining relationships over the long term takes effort. For some of us,toomucheffort. As noted above, indifferent relationships may not always be the most helpful approach in resolving some of the issues that pop up at work. But there are nonetheless several empirically proven benefits. One of those is efficiency. Less time chatting and socializing means more time workingandchurning(产出). The other is self-esteem.As human beings, we’re primed to compare ourselves to each other in what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon.Apparently, we look down on acquaintances more so than friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships,theirpredominancecanbolsterindividuals’senseofself-worth. Ego aside, a third advantage is that the emotional neutrality of indifferent relationships has been found to enhance critical evaluation, to strengthen one’s focus on task resolution, and to gain greater access to valuable information. None of that might be as fun as after-work socializing but, hey,I’lltakeitanyway.
6
46.Whatdidtheauthorrealizewhenhere-enteredthecorporateworld? A)Makingnewfriendswith hisworkmateswasnotaseasyashehadanticipated. B)Cultivatingpositiveinterpersonalrelationshipshelpedhimexpelsolitaryfeelings. C)Workinginthecorporateworldrequiresmoreinterpersonalskillsthanself-employment. D)Buildingcloserelationshipswithhiscolleagueswasnotasimportantashehadexpected. 47.Whatdowelearnfrommanystudiesaboutcollegialrelationships? A)Inharmoniousrelationshipshaveanadverse effectonproductivity. B)Harmoniousrelationshipsarewhatmanycompaniesaimtocultivate. C)Closecollegialrelationshipscontributevery littletoproductquality. D)Conflictingrelationshipsintheworkplaceexistalmosteverywhere. 48.Whatcanbeinferredaboutrelationshipsatwork fromanacademicanalysis? A)Theyshouldbecultivated. B)Theyarevirtuallyirrelevant. C)Theyarevitaltocorporateculture. D)Theyshouldbereasonablyintimate. 49.Whatdoestheauthorsayaboutpeoplewhoaresociallylazy? A)TheyfeelUncomfortable whenengaginginsocialinteractions. B)Theyoftenfindthemselvesinconfrontationwith theircolleagues. C)TheyareUnwillingtomakeeffortstomaintainWorkplacerelationships. D)Theylackbasiccommunication skillsindealingwith interpersonalissues. 50.Whatisoneofthebenefitsofindifferentrelationships? A)TheyprovidefunatWork. B)Theyhelpcontrolemotions. C)Theyhelpresolvedifferences. D)TheyimproveWorkefficiency.
PassageTwo Questions51to55arebasedonthefollowingpassage.
In a few decades, artificial intelligence (AI) will surpass many of the abilities that we believe makeusspecial.Thisisagrandchallengeforourageanditmayrequirean“irrational”response. One of the most significant pieces of news from the US in early 2017 was the efforts of Google to make autonomous driving a reality. According to a report, Google’s self-driving cars clocked 1,023,330 km, and required human intervention 124 times. That is one intervention about every 8,047 km of autonomous driving. But even more impressive is the progress in just a single year: human interventions fell from 0.8 times per thousand miles to 0.2, a 400% improvement. Withsuchprogress,Google’scarswilleasilysurpassmyowndrivingability laterthisyear. Driving once seemed to be a very human skill. But we said that about chess, too. Then a computer beat the human world champion, repeatedly.The board game Go (围棋) took over from chess as a new test for human thinking in 2016, when a computer beat one of the world’s leading professional Go players. With computers conquering what used to be deeply human tasks, what will it mean in the future to be human? I worry about my six-year-old son. What will his place be
7
in a world where machines beat us in one area after another? He’ll never calculate faster, never drive better, or even fly more safely. Actually, it all comes down to a fairly simple question: What’s so special about us? It can’t be skills like arithmetic, which machines already excel in. So far,machines have a pretty hard time emulating creativity,arbitrary enough not to be predicted by acomputer,andyetmorethansimplerandomness. Perhaps,if we continue to improve information-processing machines,we’ll soon have helpful rational assistants. So we must aim to complement the rationality of the machine, rather than to compete with it.If I'm right, we should foster acreative spirit because a dose of illogical creativity will complement the rationality of the machine. Unfortunately, however,our education system has not caught up to the approaching reality. Indeed, our schools and universities are structured to mould pupils to be mostly obedient servants of rationality, and to develop outdated skills in interacting with outdated machines. We need to help our children learn how to best work with smart computers to improve human decision-making. But most of all we need to keep the long-term perspective in mind: that even if computers will outsmart us, we can still be the most creative. Because if we aren’t, we won’t be providing much value in future ecosystems, and that mayputinquestionthefoundationforourexistence.
51.Whatistheauthor’sgreatestconcernabouttheuseofAI? A)Computersareperforminglotsofcreativetasks. B)Manyabilitieswillceasetobeuniquetohuman beings. C)Computersmaybecome morerationalthanhumans. D)Manyhumanskillsarefastbecomingoutdated. 52.WhatimpressestheauthormostinthefieldofAI? A)Google’sexperimentaldriverlesscarsrequirelittlehumanintervention. B)Google’scarshavesurpassedhisdrivingability injustasingleyear. C)Google hasmadehugeprogressinautonomousdrivinginashorttime. D)Googlehasbecomeaworldleaderinthefieldofautonomousdriving. 53.Whatdowelearnfromthepassageaboutcreativity? A)Itisrational. B)Itispredictable. C)Itishumanspecific. D)ItisyettobeemulatedbyAI. 54.WhatshouldschoolshelpchildrendointheeraofAI? A)Cultivate originalthinking. B)Learntoworkindependently. C)Competewith smartmachines. D)UnderstandhowAIworks. 55.Howcanwehumansjustify ourfutureexistence? A)Byconstantlyoutsmartingcomputers. B)Byadoptingalong-termperspective. C)ByrationallycompromisingwithAI. D)Byprovidingvalue withourcreativity.
8
PartⅣ Translation (30minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.YoushouldwriteyouransweronAnswerSheet2.
汉语现在是世界上用作本族语人数最多的语言。汉语与西方语言的一个重要区别在于它 是以方块字(character)而不是以字母构成的。目前仍在使用的书写系统中，汉语是最古老的。 在中国，来自不同地区的人可能听不懂对方的方言，但由于汉子有统一的书写形式，他们交 流起来几乎没有任何困难。汉语历史上对团结中华民族发挥了重要作用。今天，随着中国经 济的快速增长和全球影响力的增强，越来越多其他国家的人也开始学习汉语。